I can’t see anything... but...
I can tell by instinct,
the little guy's in trouble!
The reason I was able to perceive
Tao that one time was...
because blood blurred one of my eyes.
Because I couldn’t see,
I relied on my senses.
One eye gouged out, the other blurred...
I see, now I can’t see anything.
But this time, I can feel it clearly!
You really are the best woman.
I thank you!
This is getting interesting!
In a peaceful world without war,
taking the land with a sword
had long been nothing but a fantasy.
Even so, I kept swinging. Faster, sharper.
Seeking a sword stronger than anyone else.
I aimed for just one thing.
To cut down every powerful foe...
to go beyond this lifetime...
and even into eternity...
and carve my name.
You fucking old man...
Why are you so strong?
You’re thinner and slower than me,
so why?!
Tetsunosuke, you’re greedy.
Because you’re young,
you want to add everything.
You want it thicker,
harder, hotter, faster.
And that’s why you’ve become scattered.
Not everything you eat
becomes part of you.
Eat too much, and it just comes out.
When you’re young, that’s fine, but...
when you get older,
you need to start subtracting,
keep throwing away,
and look closely at what remains.
Because everything will be in there.
Don’t spread out. Go deeper.
When you put it sideways,
it ends up being the same.
You make as little sense
as always, old man.
SAKATA'S TAVERN
Back then, I didn’t understand
my master’s words.
You bastard!
- Where are you going?!
- Hey, are you okay?
That’s why I traveled
all over the country.
But now I get it.
The more you add,
the harder it is to see yourself.
The more you take away...
the clearer it becomes!
Thanks to you, I’ve gotten even stronger.
Amazing, but...
that won’t kill me.
Then as long as I live!
For a long time!
Forever and ever!
I'll keep carving you up!
How romantic!
He's got incredible drive.
But if this turns
into a battle of attrition...
we’ll lose.
Even if we can read Tao,
without the effect of mutual overcoming,
our opponent won't die.
Tao Fa's attribute is "wood."
‎WOOD, FIRE, EARTH, METAL, WATER
With my "metal" I could kill her.
But since I can’t use Tao,
the effect is weak.
If too much time passes,
Gantetsusai will bleed to death.
What should we do?
Mutual generation is a current
that supports the other’s flow.
Mutual overcoming
is a current that blocks it.
What are you doing? Move it, Shorty-mon!
Is this the type of thing you're into?
The reason mutual overcoming
kills a Tensen
is because Tao stops
the Tanden from regenerating.
In other words, right after destruction,
if I'm touching the Tanden and I have
mutual overcoming, the effect is the same!
Keep cutting her up, Tamiya Gantetsusai!
What?
Of course, be careful not to cut me!
That's nothing for an Asaemon!
But is it too much trouble
for the "Sword Dragon"?!
Let’s do it then!
Honestly, with this eye, delicate
swordsmanship is extremely difficult.
At this rate, I’ll cut
the kid down along with her.
Throw away...
Throw away... and look closely...
at what remains.
Because everything will be in there.
Amazing...
See, Shorty-mon? Piece of cake.
Ju Fa...
Without mutual overcoming,
this'll never end.
But we can’t take too much time.
There’s only one thing left.
No, you can't, Brother.
Let’s kill him together.
You're right.
Did you really think
you could bare your fangs
at us and get out alive?
You fools don't think
about what comes next.
What comes next?
If what’s behind us or what’s in front
of us gets in the way, we just crush it.
This guy will get the side.
That'll be enough.
Livestock, at least
on that I agree with you.
The two of us are enough.
Ju Fa, help me!
Sorry, Tao Fa.
I got heated and left you alone.
After all, the two of us must be together.
Let's pulverize them together.
Ju Fa, Tao Fa. You two are one together.
Everyone else is family as well,
but you two are special.
I kind of knew it.
No one else fears the Soshin or Doshi.
They study immortality seriously.
Tao Fa fears the Soshin.
And I don't really like studying.
No one else cares if a comrade gets hurt.
Probably because they won’t die.
But I can't stand it even if Tao Fa
gets just a little scratch.
That's probably because you have
someone who's precious to you, Ju Fa.
You understand your own pain,
but you can only imagine
other people's pain, right?
Because there's someone else,
it makes you think about it.
Imagination is the beginning
of anxiety and kindness.
It's hard to notice
with a body like this, though.
Ju Fa! Everyone's playing over here!
Tao Fa.
Shall we go?
Time is what we have most of.
Let's all take our time
and learn together.
The first abnormality was Rien.
They were wooden people.
Like prototypes of Tensen.
They were made to live outside the castle.
Use them to replenish spent Tao.
Replenish?
You will all now begin
full-scale training.
You were all created
for that purpose to begin with.
Ran practices "Douin."
Mu Dan practices "Shuten."
Gui Fa practices "Shuitsu."
Zhu Jin practices "Taisoku."
And lastly...
Ju Fa and Tao Fa
practice "bedchamber arts."
That’s why you two were raised as a pair.
It’s abrupt, but unavoidable.
Each of you train and teach one another.
The kindness in Rien vanished.
I don’t want to use wooden people.
I start imagining how they feel.
Me too, Tao Fa.
It’s not much, but let’s replenish
Tao from fruit and things like that.
Thank you.
I’m glad I was paired with you, Ju Fa.
A few years later, Mei disappeared
from inside the castle.
No one knew why.
More than anything, no one seemed to care.
The training grew harsher.
And everyone’s senses
became more distorted.
It's okay. I'm with you.
Yeah.
I had to protect Tao Fa's smile.
A hundred years passed, and the animals
brought from the continent died out.
The training continued.
Another 100 years passed.
The village of wooden people collapsed.
The training continued.
How long are we going to keep doing this?!
Soon, not just the wooden people,
but even crops will run out.
What are Rien and the Master thinking?
They must both have their reasons.
If they're concerned about Tao supplies,
we can pull them from outside.
Outside... Humans beyond this place?
What else?
If you don’t like it, then eventually,
Tao will run out, and everyone will die.
Our immortality is only
that good, after all.
To begin with, no matter
how much we train,
we’ll probably never
achieve perfect immortality.
So our training... Tao Fa's suffering...
It was meaningless?!
How can you all still smile?
Have you all really gone mad?
Did endless training make you mad?
Or am I... Are Tao Fa and I
the ones who are crazy?
I have to protect Tao Fa's smile.
What on earth is that, Tao Fa?
It's "bait."
We'll use it to lure people from outside.
In the Master’s homeland, they give
flowers to call people someplace.
Perfect, right?
Well, if we do it a few times,
someone who finds it strange
might come to investigate.
If they come through the floodgate,
they won't be attacked by the sea gods.
Riding the currents,
they'll drift to Japan.
I don’t want to use wooden people.
I start imagining how they feel.
Tao Fa, are you okay with this?
With that...
Totally fine!
Is that strange?
It’s not strange. Of course it isn’t.
Humans are the same as wooden people.
Lower than livestock.
We can use them as much as we want.
We're not crazy.
It's this world that's crazy.
Everything except us is crazy.
Livestock... You livestock...
That's Kishikai...
It fused.
Wings... No, a single wing?
Either way, it should have
trouble moving indoors.
We can't do anything like this!
Huh? What did you say?
Brother!
It can fly damn well with those wings.
Agreed. Structurally impossible.
Misshapen and unnatural.
Yet somehow alluring.
Like "love" itself in its given form.
You’re struggling more than expected
after all that confidence, brothers.
You're next after the monster, old man!
Hey now, I won't let you get ahead of me!
Wait! You’re bleeding too much.
You need treatment!
You think we have time to dawdle?
If I kill the monster...
my name will live on.
You won't keep your life!
Then so be it.
Gantetsusai! Hey!
Are those cottony spores causing this?
Get into cover!
If the spores stick, it's dangerous!
This is bad.
They're endless.
Brother!
I know! But don’t stop me now.
Okay.
It's not like this power
is uncontrollable.
As long as I keep my ego...
Just as I thought.
My "metal" Tao works on Tao Fa’s "wood."
If I can destroy her Tanden,
I can kill her!
But...
Brother!
That huge body moves fast.
And worst of all, it has two Tandens.
Well, well, what happened
to that bravado, Brother?
- Shut up!
- Brother!
Brother, brother, brother, brother!
Okay, okay, everyone calm themselves down.
That monster isn't something
an individual sword can handle.
We’ll have to cooperate,
even if we don't like it.
Team up with this guy? You’re joking.
I’ll pass. Especially with an injured guy.
Rude little brat, aren't you?
I’m your brother’s mentor, you know.
He's not a brat!
And I don’t owe you anything!
You heard him.
Shall we discipline
both brothers together?
Shut up, idiot!
Our immediate enemy is that monster.
If you want to kill
each other, do it after.
If you drag us down, I'll kill you.
That’s my line.
All right, let's do this.
I'm still treating your wound.
How did you put up with someone like this?
You’re the one who said to wait,
aren't you, Brother?
Well then...
Let's exterminate this demon!
How long did that "Doshi" or whatever
say it'd be till we got
to that "Horai" place?
About 20 miles.
We'll get there before dawn.
What?!
Isn’t that a bit extreme?
They do say "a ninja runs
100 miles a day," but...
But we're samurai,
and we don't even have horses.
Then... we’ll use the horse flute.
Horse flute?
Huh? No, no way. You’re serious?
Of course. I learned how to use it
after "interrogating" a Doshi.
No, no... You’re completely unhinged.
- Stop--
- Shugen.
The lower ninja who was
searching the area has returned.
They recovered items believed
to belong to those who landed ashore.
Please inspect them.
Tenza... Genji...
That's... It can't be... Brother!
Genji!
Judging from the condition of the bodies,
it seems some were killed by criminals.
There’s no time to lose.
We'll go to Horai at once
and find our comrades.
Tensen... criminals...
I’ll kill all of them!
In that case, Shugen...
This is the cave we talked about.
Please use the horse flute.
What's that flute?
You don't remember?
It's the flute that controls monsters.
That cave is the monsters' lair.
- You don't mean...
- I mean exactly that.
I told you, didn’t I?
Our Shugen has completely lost it.
Everyone, we're coming!
‎Subtitle translation by: Maslin Friedman